BookB-Pset_GeoScienceFeatureTypeDiscontinuity (#616)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/d/DiscontinuityWaterPresence_13x1J$ipnCAAAJyT_0MNF4/Documentation.md

> Descriptive of estimated waterinflow in excavation, to be used to define Jw(Barton), or RMR groudnwater inflow rating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description of estimated water inflow in excavation, to be used to define Jw(Barton), or RMR groundwater inflow rating.
```
